B.note version 3.0.201
- Fixed a display bug for the update installation dialog box.

B.note version 3.0.200
Important: This update is not signed by Eurobraille.

Editor:
- Resolution of a crash when using the Bluetooth text sending function.

Explorer:
- Ability to open updates from the Bluetooth folder,
- Possibility to automatically delete an update after its installation,
- Possibility to open updates with a high indicator: 3.0.200b2 for example.

Settings:
- Change of the update source: it is the GitHub API that is used to provide versions thanks to the Release system,
- Possibility to choose the source of the updates: You can choose any repository of the b.note source code respecting the formatting described in the developer's documentation,
- Possibility to download all the available versions: You can thus return to a previous version of b.note even if it is not installed on your machine.

b.note version 3.0.4

- Modifications on music app.
- Replace all headers of .py files to prepare source files to github repository.

International :
- Update Italian messages

b.note version 3.0.3

International :
- Update Slovak messages

b.note version 3.0.2

International :
- Update Croatian messages
- Update Italian messages

b.note version 3.0.1

Settings:
- Auto refresh bluetooth status
- Auto refresh wifi status

International :
- Update Croatian messages
- Update CZech messages
- Translator in Czech debug

B.note version 3.0.0
System:
New Linux 'bookworm' image.
Transition to Python 3.11.
Each Python application benefits from its own virtual environment. This is true for the different versions of bnote installed on the device, each has its own virtual environment.
The WiFi manager is now NetworkManager, replacing wpa-supplicant.

User Interface:
New preference setting: 'spaces in labels' allowing the replacement of spaces in dialog box labels with b8 or not. The replacement allows spaces to be retained only for separating objects in a dialog box.

Settings:
Improved application responsiveness.
Added functions to selectively turn off Bluetooth and WiFi modules.
Settings saving/restore function, creating a specific folder for these files at the root of the file explorer.

Update:
For bnotes, updates can be performed without having to recreate an SD image.
A developer setting is added in the preferences to allow the download of development versions and open the skeleton application.
The different versions of the bnote application are displayed when the application version line is validated; through this dialog, it is possible to switch from one version to another.
A security feature has been implemented: if the bnote application fails to launch three times in a row, the system automatically reverts to the base version of bnote (the one delivered with the SD image).

Translator:
- Adding translator application.


B.note version 2.6.0
Editor:
Importing a file of a type other than .txt no longer triggers its deletion. A file named filename.extension.txt is created alongside it.
Importing epub files sets markers at each chapter of the book.

Explorer:
Upstream of the 'My Documents' folder, a virtual root level is created containing the elements of the 'Go to' menu.
Implementation of a function allowing the selection and download of books from the Eole library. (French document accessible with registration)

Wikipedia:
Implementation of a new Wikipedia application.

Daisy Reader:
Implementation of a new Daisy V2 application that opens when an action is performed on a Daisy book.

B.note version 2.5.0

This update is installed through a simple .update file to be opened in the B.note file explorer. It is supported by both generations of devices.


Applications:
Two new applications are introduced: "write word" and "operation."
The first aids in Braille learning, displaying a word and prompting you to type it using the Braille keyboard.
The second involves solving simple mathematical operations.
For more information, refer to the user manual.

File Explorer:
Introduction of a file search function.
Implementation of a list of recently opened files.
Ability to decompress a .zip file directly by opening it.

Editor:
Added the ability to open a document in read-only mode.
This function is useful if you do not want to modify certain files.
Shortcuts from the file explorer are 'Enter' for opening for modification and 'Ctrl+Enter' for opening in read-only mode.
Files opened in read-only mode will be preceded by "*-" in the application menu.
Ability to send a text selection from the editor to a Bluetooth-connected device.
Ability to export files to .brf, with the option to choose the Braille type, character table, number of lines per page, number of pages per volume. You can also add a title that will appear at the beginning of each file.

Audio:
Ability to fast forward and rewind during the playback of audio files in the application's play menu.
Music Application:

Various information about instruments is now available at the end of the currently playing score. This includes volume, MIDI channel, MIDI instrument number, and transposition (if applicable).
Refer to the music application manual for more information.

Preferences:
Support for searching and downloading updates directly from the device.
Updates that can be downloaded are .update files, installable directly from the B.note.
If a newer version of firmware or sdcard is available, you will be notified during the update search.
A preference setting allows you to automatically check for updates or not.
Other improvements:

Ability to automatically empty the trash and Bluetooth folder when the device is turned off.
B.note version 2.4.0

Display of the application name and the COM port used instead of USB-A or USB-B.
Opening of non-UTF-8 .txt files using the CP1252 character table.
Fix for a crash after switching to Hebrew, Slovenian, and Zulu Braille tables.
[... and so on for other versions ...]


